Add blog post for KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan 2026 (en/ja) (#115)
Cloud-Native-Platform-Engineering/cnpe-community: website/content/en/blog/kubecon-japan-2026.md

---
date: "2026-07-14T12:00:00+09:00"
slug: kubecon-japan-2026
title: "Platform Engineering Highlights at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan 2026"
author: "Shogo Nakamoto"
categories:
  - Announcement
tags:
  - Event
---

![KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan 2026](/images/kubecon-japan-2026.png)

We are Cloud Native Platform Engineering Japan (CNPEJ) — a SIG of [Cloud Native Community Japan (CNCJ)](https://community.cncf.io/cloud-native-community-japan/), the Japanese chapter of the CNCF,
where platform engineering practitioners gather to share insights and connect Japan with the world.

> In this post, we bring you the platform engineering highlights at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan 2026](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this post, we want to share with you the all the platform engineering activities happening at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan 2026](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/).
```
IMO, the word Highlights mostly refer to something that has already happened, since this is happening next week, tweaked the phrasing.

Author: Thanks! Applied your suggestion. Since the same reasoning applies to the title, I also updated it to "Platform Engineering Activities at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan 2026".
fix commit: https://github.com/Cloud-Native-Platform-Engineering/cnpe-community/pull/115/changes/fbe3d5f8dad23335040cbae84c7bb88eec3680bb

> The event takes place July 28-30, 2026 at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event is taking place from July 28-30, 2026 at
```

Author: Applied, thanks! 
fix commit: https://github.com/Cloud-Native-Platform-Engineering/cnpe-community/pull/115/changes/cb7600c83acc98719afa46805e18079a40d3a3b2

PACIFICO Yokohama (1-1-1 Minatomirai, Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, 220-0012)!

> 

Reviewer: Below is a list of events and activities that you can join.

Author: Added, and I've added the equivalent sentence to the Japanese version as well. Thanks!
fix commit: https://github.com/Cloud-Native-Platform-Engineering/cnpe-community/pull/115/changes/af03f6e90ec3f6f7d67cae6ec7a97ced696e14ac

## Japan Community Day

On Tuesday, July 28th, join us for [Japan Community Day](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/co-located-events/japan-community-day/),
a co-located event bringing together local meetup communities and SIGs from across Japan.
CNPEJ is one of the co-hosting communities,
and will host its session slot on Tuesday, July 28th, 14:40-15:50 at 4F | 411+412.

> Please note that Japan Community Day requires pre-registration.

Reviewer: How can readers register? Can you add a link to registration?

Author: Good catch, thanks! Japan Community Day is a complimentary add-on to the KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan registration, so I've clarified that and linked to the registration page.
fix commit: https://github.com/Cloud-Native-Platform-Engineering/cnpe-community/pull/115/changes/8338666aa4343678b68d102734359a4fafa0e6b9
